grabc: add page (#22690)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/grabc.md

# grabc

> > Simple utility to determine the colour of a clicked pixel on X.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A tool to identify a pixel color of an X Window.
```

> More information: <https://manned.org/grabc>.

> - Output the colour of a clicked pixel in hex to `stdout`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pick a pixel and print its color in hexadecimal:
```

`grabc`

> - Output the colour of a clicked pixel in RGB to `stderr`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pick a pixel and print its RGB values:
```

`grabc -rgb`

- Enable debug messages:

`grabc -d`

> - Output the clicked window's hex ID to `stdout`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the hex ID of the clicked window:
```

`grabc -W`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Pick a pixel at a specific location on a specific window:

`grabc -w {{window_id}} -l +{{x}}+{{y}}`

- Print all 16 bits of color (default prints high 8 bits):

`grabc -a`

```

# grabc

> A tool to identify a pixel color of an X Window.
> More information: <https://manned.org/grabc>.

- Pick a pixel and print its color in hexadecimal:

`grabc`

- Pick a pixel and print its RGB values:

`grabc -rgb`

- Enable debug messages:

`grabc -d`

- Print the hex ID of the clicked window:

`grabc -W`

- Pick a pixel at a specific location on a specific window:

`grabc -w {{window_id}} -l +{{x}}+{{y}}`

- Print all 16 bits of color (default prints high 8 bits):

`grabc -a`

- Display help:

> `grabc {{[-h|--help]}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`grabc -h`
```

Reviewer 2: grabc does not support --help
